# Business Partnership

## Farms and Pools

Farms incentive users to provide liquidity for your trading pair by distributing HONOR to your pair's LP Token holders. Pools are a way of distributing your tokens to users who stake HONOR in the pool. 

These two products on FarmHero: when a project provides their tokens for a Pool, we can also create a Farm. If you're looking to distribute tokens and incentive liquidity, get in touch.

_Apply to run a Pool or Farm._ 

## Roll Game

The roll game helps our partner to create a peaceful yet competitive topic in their community as well as helping to burn the tokens. During each round, the top 5 rollers will share the prize. The game is **unlike** normal dice, that it actually compare the rolled points between players. 

#### Pot Prize

FarmHero sponsors an hourly roll game from the performance fee generated by the farms. 

Currently, there are around $20 sent as prize for each game. That adds up to $14,400 per month, and $172,800 per year. That prize amount goes up along with our farm TVL.

#### Customisation for our Partner

Currently we set one roll for 5 cent worth of supported tokens, but that can be also customised. 

We also set up customised link and design for each of our supported tokens. 

#### PolyDoge Case

Unique Link: [https://polygon.farmhero.io/roll/polydoge](https://polygon.farmhero.io/roll/polydoge)

Result: Burnt 200 billion PolyDoge token within 7 days since launch. 

_Apply to integrate your projects' token to our Roll Game._

## IHOs \(Token Sales\)

"IHO" \(Initial HERO Offering\) is a new model of token sale. Here's how it works, in short: 

* Users buy your token with HONOR-USDC LP tokens 
* After the sale, we distribute the USDC to you and burn the HONOR.

\_\_[_Apply to run an IHO_](https://forms.gle/nSH97LRiddzy1rmk6)_._

